good and we made contact with the analyst
international do salman from
washington hello sir they are like this and
I want to ask you good the president
from Syria Bashar al-Assad I who
precisely today that the Middle East is a
gunpowder the fire is approaching is
really so critical this situation is
so dark the stage
good afternoon, the last
President Bashar's statements
al-assad in his interview with the
French newspaper 'le figaro' are very
important until we can say that
They are the strongest since it began
Syrian crisis we know that obama talked
lately of a limited action one
military action limited against Syria and
some experts said that the government
Syrian might not respond in the case of
perform this limited action but today
President Asad confirmed that his
country will respond to any kind of
intervention and not only this but said
that an attack on Syria can be
turn into a regional war
this means that first the government
Syrian made his decision to answer
against any type of intervention
although it is a limited action and second
mention the word regional war
indicates that the borders
respond to this attack may weigh the
Syrian borders and expand to others
countries here we speak from lebanon
there has also been information that usa and
your allies
they had the plan to attack damask in the
same time there was a visit from
high Iranian cargo and this if this is
correct means that the attack against
Syria has regional dimensions now
We also see that the statements of
the Iranian high officials when they threaten
that the attack on Syria can be
expand to a regional conflict this
it means that the attack on Syria
it is not just an attack against serious but
it is an attack on Syria and its allies
and can expand the whole region as
we have said before then the scenario
If it's very dark on one side we have the
terrorists that are functioning in
Syria are massacring the
civilians and the Syrians we have the
petrodollars countries that are
supporting these terrorists now
we have usa
what are they
negotiating an attack against the government
Syrian this means they are
doing a favor are supporting the
terrorists and finally we have the
Syrian government to its allies who are
preparations very well prepared for
respond even if it comes to a conflict and
to a regional war
well, thank you very much to the analyst
international the goose the man of
Washington for its important point of
view that gives us at this time who
it's part of very kind ladies news
salman